The stranger officiates the meal.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
Two seats were vacant.
A glittering gem is not enough.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
The book is in front of the table.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
This is a Japanese doll.
We have a lot of rain in June.
Let me help you with your baggage.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
We need to rent a room for our party.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
She was too short to see over the fence.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
Please wait outside of the house.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
I am never at home on Sundays.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older.
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
The old apple revels in its authority.
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
Where do random thoughts come from?
Hurry!
Don't step on the broken glass.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
How was the math test?
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
The lake is a long way from here.
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
Wow, does that work?
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
She advised him to come back at once.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
I want more detailed information.
Mary plays the piano.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
The river stole the gods.
Christmas is coming.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
She did her best to help him.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
Is it free?
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
